README.md, before:


# Note Taker

## Description
![License Logo](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Unlicensed-green)
 This program uses Express.js on the back-end to add data to the html document.  All the front-end (html, css, most javascript) was prebuilt.

#Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

All external files needed are already installed.  Fork this repository, and set up with Heroku (or similar program) to see in action.

## Usage

https://evening-earth-07701.herokuapp.com/ 

![Home Page](./pics/Home.PNG)

![Notes Page](./pics/Note_Page.PNG)

## Credits

Front end was all provided by UCSD.  Some of the backend was inspired by another git repository at https://github.com/amandalatkins/note-taker/blob/master/routes/routes.js.

## License

Unlicensed


## Questions

Please check out my Github, and message me for any issues, suggestions, or questions!

https://github.com/Seyaryu

Commit message:

9th Commit: finallized README after successful test of Heroku.

README.md, after:


# Note Taker

## Description
![License Logo](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Unlicensed-green)
 This program uses Express.js on the back-end to add data to the html document.  All the front-end (html, css, most javascript) was prebuilt.

#Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

All external files needed are already installed.  Fork this repository, and set up with Heroku (or similar program) to see in action.

## Usage

The link below will take you to the Heroku server hosting my project:
https://evening-earth-07701.herokuapp.com/ 

![Home Page](./pics/Home.PNG)

![Notes Page](./pics/Note_Page.PNG)

## Credits

Front end was all provided by UCSD.  Some of the backend was inspired by another git repository at https://github.com/amandalatkins/note-taker/blob/master/routes/routes.js.

## License

Unlicensed


## Questions

Please check out my Github, and message me for any issues, suggestions, or questions!

https://github.com/Seyaryu
